wyn01.wav-neighbors.txt l ah t s y ao r n ey m 
wyn02.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t sh r uh y n ay n 
wyn03.wav-neighbors.txt l ah d th y uw l m ay n 
wyn04.wav-neighbors.txt w aa p th w uh y ng iy n 
wyn05.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t sh r uw y n ey m 
wyn08.wav-neighbors.txt w aa p sh y ao l n ey n 
wyn09.wav-neighbors.txt l ae t th y uw r n ey n 
wyn13.wav-neighbors.txt w er t th w ao y n iy n 
wyn14.wav-neighbors.txt w er p th w uw l ng ay m 
wyn16.wav-neighbors.txt l ah t sh y ao y n eh n 
wyn17.wav-neighbors.txt l ae t th y uh r ng ay m 
wyn18.wav-neighbors.txt l er hh th w uw r ng ay m 
wyn19.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t z y uh r n iy m 
wyn20.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t th y uw r n iy n 
wyn21.wav-neighbors.txt w ah k th y uh r n iy m 
wyn22.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t sh y ao y ng ey m 
wyn23.wav-neighbors.txt w aa hh sh y uw r ng iy n 
wyn24.wav-neighbors.txt y ae t th y uh r n ey n 
wyn25.wav-neighbors.txt w aa d th y uh y n eh n 
wyn26.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t sh y ao l n ay n 
wyn27.wav-neighbors.txt w ae hh th r uh r n ay n 
wyn28.wav-neighbors.txt y ah p th y uh y n ey n 
wyn29.wav-neighbors.txt w ah k s w uh r n ey m 
wyn30.wav-neighbors.txt w ah d sh y uh r n iy m 
wyn31.wav-neighbors.txt w ah ch sh y ao r n ey m 
wyn32.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t s y uh r n ay n 
wyn37.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t s y uw r ng iy m 
wyn37.wav-neighbors.txt w er p th w uh r ng ey n 
wyn38.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t s w uh r n ay n 
wyn39.wav-neighbors.txt w aa t s y uh r n eh m 
wyn40.wav-neighbors.txt l ah p s y ao l m ey n 
wyn41.wav-neighbors.txt w aa t sh y uh r n iy n 
wyn43.wav-neighbors.txt y er p th y uh r n iy n 
wyn44.wav-neighbors.txt w ae t s y uh l ng iy n 
wyn44.wav-neighbors.txt l ae t th w uh y n ey n 
wyn45.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t s y uh r n iy n 
wyn46.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t s r ao y n ey n 
wyn47.wav-neighbors.txt w ah ch sh w uh y n ey m 
wyn48.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t s r uw r n ey n 
wyn49.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t z y uh r n eh n 
wyn51.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t s w ao r n ey n 
wyn52.wav-neighbors.txt w aa hh sh r uw y n ey n 
wyn53.wav-neighbors.txt w ae t s y uh r n ey n 
wyn54.wav-neighbors.txt l er d sh w uw l m ey n 
wyn55.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t z y uh r n eh n 
wyn56.wav-neighbors.txt l er t sh w uw r m eh n 
wyn56.wav-neighbors.txt w er d sh y uh r ng ey n 
wyn57.wav-neighbors.txt w er t sh r uw y n eh n 
wyn58.wav-neighbors.txt w aa t s y uw y n ay m 
wyn59.wav-neighbors.txt y ah t th y uh r ng ay m 
wyn60.wav-neighbors.txt w aa d z r uh r n iy n 
wyn61.wav-neighbors.txt y er hh th y uw y ng iy n 
wyn62.wav-neighbors.txt w er t z y uh r n iy m 
wyn63.wav-neighbors.txt y ah t s y uh r n iy n 
wyn63.wav-neighbors.txt w er hh th w ao r ng ay n 
wyn64.wav-neighbors.txt w er t s y uh r ng ay m 
wyn65.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t sh y uh l n eh n 
wyn66.wav-neighbors.txt w ah t z y uh r m eh m 
wyn67.wav-neighbors.txt w ah p th w uh r n ey n 
wyn69.wav-neighbors.txt y ah t th w uh y m iy m 
wyn70.wav-neighbors.txt y ah hh th r uh r ng ay n 
wyn71.wav-neighbors.txt y ah hh sh y uh r n eh n 
wyn72.wav-neighbors.txt l ah k z y uw l n ey n 
wyn73.wav-neighbors.txt w aa t s r uw y n iy n 
wyn74.wav-neighbors.txt w ah ch s y uh l n ey n 
wyn75.wav-neighbors.txt y ae hh z y uw r m ay m 
wyn76.wav-neighbors.txt w aa t s y uw l m ay m 
wyn77.wav-neighbors.txt w er p s y uw y m iy m 
wyn78.wav-neighbors.txt l aa t s y uw r ng ay m 
wyn79.wav-neighbors.txt l er p th w uh y ng ay m 
wyn80.wav-neighbors.txt l ah d th y uw l m ay n 
